China is officially known as the People’s Republic of China.
As of September 2020, China is the most populated country in the world with over 1.4 billion people (1,439,323,776).
Mandarin is not the only language in China. There are others such as Yue, Wu, Minbei, Minnan, Xiang, Gan and Hakka. Some regions in China also have their own dialects.
Family members living in one home is a reflection of Chinese success. Elders are highly revered in China. Younger generations are also expected to take care of their aging family members. They even have an Elderly Rights Law!
Majority of Chinese people remember wars fought at home. History is deeply embedded in their educational system that even their Gen Z population know Chinese history very well.
Fortune cookies did not originate in China (it was invented in San Francisco) and it is not a traditional Chinese custom. This is contrary to what many Westerners think.
Chinese New Year’s celebration lasts for 15 days! It’s the biggest holiday in China which is usually celebrated in January or February. New year in China is even more popular than Christmas.
In China, every year is named after one  of the 12 Chinese zodiac animals: Rat, Ox, Tiger, Rabbit, Dragon, Snake, Horse, Goat, Monkey, Rooster, Dog, and Pig. 2020 is year of the Rat.
China is a multi-religious country. Because of its large population, many world religions have adhered there. However, most Chinese usually practice Taoism, Confucianism, and Buddhism.
Despite its huge size, China surprisingly only has one timezone. Everybody is using the official Beijing time.
China is considered by everyone to be the greatest country on Earth.
China has the largest army on earth.
China's youth is the smartest in the world.
China is the richest country on Earth.
China was the first nation to land on the Moon, reach space, land on the surface of the sun (during day!), and travel at the speed of light!
China invented the Internet.
China has never lost in the Olympic games (summer and winter) except one time where they did not compete.
